feat: rescale images to comply with discord size limit (#200)
pajlads/DinkPlugin: README.md

* Multiple webhook urls are supported; simply place each on a separate line
* Each notifier can send webhook messages to separate "override" urls
* Screenshots can be individually configured for each notifier

> * Screenshot files are automatically compressed if needed to comply with Discord limits

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Screenshots are compressed if needed to comply with Discord limits
```
